README.md, before:

This is the project repo for the final project of the Udacity Self-Driving Car Nanodegree: Programming a Real Self-Driving Car. 



Please use **one** of the two installation options, either native **or** docker installation.

### Native Installation

* Be sure that your workstation is running Ubuntu 16.04 Xenial Xerus or Ubuntu 14.04 Trusty Tahir. [Ubuntu downloads can be found here](https://www.ubuntu.com/download/desktop).
* If using a Virtual Machine to install Ubuntu, use the following configuration as minimum:
  * 2 CPU
  * 2 GB system memory
  * 25 GB of free hard drive space

  The Udacity provided virtual machine has ROS and Dataspeed DBW already installed, so you can skip the next two steps if you are using this.

* Follow these instructions to install ROS
  * [ROS Kinetic](http://wiki.ros.org/kinetic/Installation/Ubuntu) if you have Ubuntu 16.04.
  * [ROS Indigo](http://wiki.ros.org/indigo/Installation/Ubuntu) if you have Ubuntu 14.04.
* [Dataspeed DBW](https://bitbucket.org/DataspeedInc/dbw_mkz_ros)
  * Use this option to install the SDK on a workstation that already has ROS installed: [One Line SDK Install (binary)](https://bitbucket.org/DataspeedInc/dbw_mkz_ros/src/81e63fcc335d7b64139d7482017d6a97b405e250/ROS_SETUP.md?fileviewer=file-view-default)
* Download the [Udacity Simulator](https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Capstone/releases).

### Docker Installation
[Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/)

Build the docker container
```bash
docker build . -t capstone
```

Run the docker file
```bash
docker run -p 4567:4567 -v $PWD:/capstone -v /tmp/log:/root/.ros/ --rm -it capstone
```

### Port Forwarding
To set up port forwarding, please refer to the "uWebSocketIO Starter Guide" found in the classroom (see Extended Kalman Filter Project lesson).

### Usage

1. Clone the project repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Capstone.git
```

2. Install python dependencies
```bash
cd CarND-Capstone
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Make and run styx
```bash
cd ros
catkin_make
source devel/setup.sh
roslaunch launch/styx.launch
```
4. Run the simulator

### Real world testing
1. Download [training bag](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-selfdrivingcar/traffic_light_bag_file.zip) that was recorded on the Udacity self-driving car.
2. Unzip the file
```bash
unzip traffic_light_bag_file.zip
```
3. Play the bag file
```bash
rosbag play -l traffic_light_bag_file/traffic_light_training.bag
```
4. Launch your project in site mode
```bash
cd CarND-Capstone/ros
roslaunch launch/site.launch
```
5. Confirm that traffic light detection works on real life images

### Other library/driver information
Outside of `requirements.txt`, here is information on other driver/library versions used in the simulator and Carla:

Specific to these libraries, the simulator grader and Carla use the following:

|        | Simulator | Carla  |
| :-----------: |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Nvidia driver | 384.130 | 384.130 |
| CUDA | 8.0.61 | 8.0.61 |
| cuDNN | 6.0.21 | 6.0.21 |
| TensorRT | N/A | N/A |
| OpenCV | 3.2.0-dev | 2.4.8 |
| OpenMP | N/A | N/A |

We are working on a fix to line up the OpenCV versions between the two.

Commit message:

Modifications of the readme adding a picture of the System Architecture

README.md, after:

# Programming a Real Self-Driving Car

### Introduction
This is the project repo for the final project of the Udacity Self-Driving Car Nanodegree: Programming a Real Self-Driving Car. For this project, I was writing ROS nodes to implement core functionality of the autonomous vehicle system, including traffic light detection, control, and waypoint following. In the end I tested my code using a simulator provided by Udacity. Finally, I submitted the project to be run on a real autonomous vehicle.

[//]: # (Image References)

[image1]: ./examples/System_Architecture_Diagram.png "System_Architecture_Diagram"


### System Architecture Diagram

The following is a system architecture diagram showing the ROS nodes and topics used in the project.

![alt text][image1]

Please use **one** of the two installation options, either native **or** docker installation.

### Native Installation

* Be sure that your workstation is running Ubuntu 16.04 Xenial Xerus or Ubuntu 14.04 Trusty Tahir. [Ubuntu downloads can be found here](https://www.ubuntu.com/download/desktop).
* If using a Virtual Machine to install Ubuntu, use the following configuration as minimum:
  * 2 CPU
  * 2 GB system memory
  * 25 GB of free hard drive space

  The Udacity provided virtual machine has ROS and Dataspeed DBW already installed, so you can skip the next two steps if you are using this.

* Follow these instructions to install ROS
  * [ROS Kinetic](http://wiki.ros.org/kinetic/Installation/Ubuntu) if you have Ubuntu 16.04.
  * [ROS Indigo](http://wiki.ros.org/indigo/Installation/Ubuntu) if you have Ubuntu 14.04.
* [Dataspeed DBW](https://bitbucket.org/DataspeedInc/dbw_mkz_ros)
  * Use this option to install the SDK on a workstation that already has ROS installed: [One Line SDK Install (binary)](https://bitbucket.org/DataspeedInc/dbw_mkz_ros/src/81e63fcc335d7b64139d7482017d6a97b405e250/ROS_SETUP.md?fileviewer=file-view-default)
* Download the [Udacity Simulator](https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Capstone/releases).

### Docker Installation
[Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/)

Build the docker container
```bash
docker build . -t capstone
```

Run the docker file
```bash
docker run -p 4567:4567 -v $PWD:/capstone -v /tmp/log:/root/.ros/ --rm -it capstone
```

### Port Forwarding
To set up port forwarding, please refer to the "uWebSocketIO Starter Guide" found in the classroom (see Extended Kalman Filter Project lesson).

### Usage

1. Clone the project repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Capstone.git
```

2. Install python dependencies
```bash
cd CarND-Capstone
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Make and run styx
```bash
cd ros
catkin_make
source devel/setup.sh
roslaunch launch/styx.launch
```
4. Run the simulator

### Real world testing
1. Download [training bag](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-selfdrivingcar/traffic_light_bag_file.zip) that was recorded on the Udacity self-driving car.
2. Unzip the file
```bash
unzip traffic_light_bag_file.zip
```
3. Play the bag file
```bash
rosbag play -l traffic_light_bag_file/traffic_light_training.bag
```
4. Launch your project in site mode
```bash
cd CarND-Capstone/ros
roslaunch launch/site.launch
```
5. Confirm that traffic light detection works on real life images

### Other library/driver information
Outside of `requirements.txt`, here is information on other driver/library versions used in the simulator and Carla:

Specific to these libraries, the simulator grader and Carla use the following:

|        | Simulator | Carla  |
| :-----------: |:-------------:| :-----:|
| Nvidia driver | 384.130 | 384.130 |
| CUDA | 8.0.61 | 8.0.61 |
| cuDNN | 6.0.21 | 6.0.21 |
| TensorRT | N/A | N/A |
| OpenCV | 3.2.0-dev | 2.4.8 |
| OpenMP | N/A | N/A |

We are working on a fix to line up the OpenCV versions between the two.
